ed slides (#6)
lithekod/git-in-git: presentation/main.tex

    \texttt{git add hello.txt} & Stage the specified file \\
    \texttt{git add *.py} & Stage all python-files \\
    \texttt{git add -i} & Interactive prompt for adding \\
    \texttt{git add -p} & Add a part of a file \\
  \end{tabular}
  \\ [0.5em]

  \keyword{Expect}\\
  Silence.
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}
  \frametitle{Getting to know the family -- commit}
  \keyword{When}\\
    You have added a \emph{relevant} group of changes. Making
    the code ready for a new change. Preferably as small as possible.
  \\ [0.5em]

  \keyword{How}\\
  \hspace{-1.0em}
  \begin{tabular}{ll}
    \texttt{git commit} & Commit the added file(s) \\
    \texttt{git commit --amend} & Update the previous commit \\
    \texttt{git commit -m "msg"} & Specify a message, skips the editor \\
  \end{tabular}
  \\ [0.5em]

  \keyword{Expect}\\
  A texteditor pops up, where you write a descriptive commit message. And
  output similar to: \\
  \texttt{[master 3b65386] A descriptive message} \\
  \texttt{1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)}

\end{frame}

\begin{frame}
  \frametitle{Getting to know the family -- push}
  \keyword{When}\\
    After you've made commits you are happy with, or if the computer

>     is about to blow up. If you haven't pushed, no one has to know what
>     happened here.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    is about to blow up. If you haven't pushed, no one knows what
    you've changed.\\
```

    
\end{frame}

\subsection{Finding help}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitle{Finding help}

  Human contact \\
  \hspace{1em} LiTHe kod meetups -- tusedays 17:15-late,  \\
  \vspace{1em}

  In your terminal at your fingetips \\
  \hspace{1em} \texttt{\$ man git} -- Exhaustive, good if you know what you want \\
  \hspace{1em} \texttt{\$ man giteveryday} -- Short description of commands \\
  \hspace{1em} \texttt{\$ man gittutorial} -- A guide for getting started \\

>   \hspace{1em} \texttt{\$ man git commit} -- Exhaustive information about the `commit' subcommand\\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \hspace{1em} \texttt{\$ man git-<subcommand>} -- Exhaustive information about any git sub-command (like commit, log, merge and so on) \\
```
